[Docs-2.0] Addition: address reuse prevention NEW GUI (#1037)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/why-wasabi/AddressReuse.md

### Remove used address from GUI

Wasabi encourages the user to not reuse addresses.
You always get a new Bitcoin address whenever you generate one.

> Even when the same label is being written multiple times, Wasabi always generates a new receive address.

Reviewer: This also should be removed, it is just redundant information.

```suggestion
```

Previously generated addresses, which haven't received bitcoin yet, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`.

> When the wallet recognizes a transaction to an address displayed at "Unused Receive Addresses", that address will automatically be removed from the list.

Reviewer: Saying the same thing is less words.

```suggestion
An address is automatically removed from the `Unused Receive Addresses` list once that address receives any funds.
```

### Remove used address from GUI

Wasabi encourages the user to not reuse addresses.

> You get a new Bitcoin address whenever you generate one.

Reviewer: This allows us to remove the next two lines which are just redundant.

```suggestion
You always get a new Bitcoin address whenever you generate one.
```

> A new Bitcoin address will be generated after the user types in the receiver-label.

Reviewer: This line is just redundant of the previous one.

### Remove used address from GUI

> Wasabi encourages users to not reuse addresses. This is done in the following way:

Reviewer: > Every sentence must start in a new line.

https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc#writing-conventions

```suggestion
Wasabi encourages users to not reuse addresses.
This is done in the following way:
```

Wasabi uses the industry best practice [BIP 44 Multi-Account Hierarchy for Deterministic Wallets](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki), where from one master secret a tree structure of child private keys are generated.
It is deterministic because the same parent secret always calculates the same child private keys.
BIP 44 HD wallets use an alternative key derivation function called "hardened derivation", which alters the relationship between parent keys and child keys in a way that increases security significantly.
When given a hardened child private key, then the parent private key cannot be calculated.

> A new Bitcoin address will be generated automatically at the `Receive` tab (using the GUI). 

Reviewer: What do you mean by this? I think this should be removed.

Author: I meant to clarify (for real newbie users) that there will always be a new address being generated.

Reviewer: Addresses will not be generated automatically.

Author: I see,
*a new*  is what I mean. Maybe a real newbie user could think it would always be the same address that would show up.
But i get your point, if you think we should delete it, that's ok

Reviewer: Then we can simply remove the word `at the `Receive` tab (using the GUI)` which is confusing:

```suggestion
A new Bitcoin address will be generated at the `Receive` tab (using the GUI).
```

> Previously generated addresses, which haven't received bitcoin yet, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously generated addresses, which haven't received bitcoin yet, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`.
```

> Previously generated address, which haven't received bitcoin yet, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously generated addresses, which haven't received bitcoin yet, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`. 
```

### Remove used address from GUI

Wasabi encourages users to not reuse addresses.

> This is done in the following way:

Reviewer 2: No need for this line.

Wasabi uses the industry best practice [BIP 44 Multi-Account Hierarchy for Deterministic Wallets](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki), where from one master secret a tree structure of child private keys are generated.

> It is deterministic because the same parent secret always calculates the same child private keys.

Reviewer 2: This line could also be removed.

BIP 44 HD wallets use an alternative key derivation function called "hardened derivation", which alters the relationship between parent keys and child keys in a way that increases security significantly.
When given a hardened child private key, then the parent private key cannot be calculated.

> A new Bitcoin address will be generated at the `Receive` tab (using the GUI).

Reviewer 2: (Achtually user has to also click continue...).

```suggestion
A new Bitcoin address will be generated after user types in the receiver-label.
Even when the same label is being written multiple times, Wasabi always generates a new receive address.
```

> Previously generated addresses, which haven't received bitcoin yet, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`.

Reviewer 2: Just to be spesific, how about:

```suggestion
Previously generated addresses, which haven't received bitcoin yet according to the Bitcoin blockchain, are displayed at `Unused Receive Addresses`.
```

Author: > according to the Bitcoin blockchain

I guess the address will be 'gone' of the list when the wallet gets know of an incoming tx, it does not have to have a confirmation. So I think it's not "according to the blockchain": tx doesn't have to be in the blockchain yet to be recognized

Reviewer 2: You are right in the case that receiver has Wasabi open at the time of sending. Otherwise the address gets removed when tx confirms.

Author: Right. I think we should keep it general, so which is correct for both the options

Reviewer 2: Actually it's better if we dont even need to go to such details. Just keep it general.

> An address will automatically be removed from the `Unused Receive Addresses` list when that address has received any funds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the wallet recognizes a transaction to one of its addresses, the corresponding address will automatically be removed from the `Unused Receive Addresses` list.
```

Author: ```suggestion
When the wallet recognizes a transaction to an address at the "Unused Receive Addresses" list, that address will automatically be removed from the list.
```
